COMPONENTS AND SUPPLIES
A000066 iso both	
Arduino UNO & Genuino UNO
×	1	
Esp01	
Everything ESP ESP8266 ESP-01
×	1	
Protocentral pulse oximeter heart rate sensor based on max30100	
ProtoCentral Pulse Oximeter & Heart Rate Sensor based on MAX30100
×	1	
11028 01	
SparkFun Triple Axis Accelerometer and Gyro Breakout - MPU-6050
×	1	
ABOUT THIS PROJECT
Welcome To The Alexa Wristband Project

Hi my name is Kris, i've always been a strange but interesting individual. Hacking away in my in-home lab with the tools the internet has provided, expanding my knowledge by application and approach rather then studying and testing. i'd like to explain what it is im doing here quickly and straight to the point. So we can use our resources to benefit our outcome here on earth.

-Kris

What Is It

A wristband that detects seizures, comes equipped with a pulse, gyro sensor and connects to wifi to report events.

What Is The Device Used For

Fall Risk
Seizure Detection
Irregular Arrhythmia Events
Autonomic Events Reporting
What It Can Do

When the device detects a seizure,heart event,fall. Alexa will ask the user to respond. If there is no response the device will seek Medical help

We have a layout and a test system in the works, the wristband sketch is in the development folder - Listed on GIT

Where We've Come So Far

Coding The Real - Time Notification Platform

The Alexa / ECHO API, If used for what we are developing. The Alexa API will need to develop a NEW function for notifications to pass through without using context like "Im Reminding You" or require the user to ask what the notification is. so if there is a function integrated that can take text to speech and send it to alexa/ECHO without needing to be called on by a function - intent.

We Need More Options !

More info about the problem found here...

https://community.smartthings.com/t/play-a-message-remotely-on-sensor-trigger-through-alexa-voice/56946

and here

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33409530/amazon-echo-push-a-message-to-the-device

The Code

There is nothing special here just a API that makes a call to a home server to send the request to Alexa, store's the user's data...

Requirements - Library's

IP

Arduino .INO File Property

http://www.instructables.com/id/Wearable-heart-beat-sensor-ESP8266Pulse-sensor/


ARDUINO

GYRO - mpu6050
WIFI - esp